Improving Presentation (12/12/17)
---------------------------------
This battle system isn't currently focused on visuals and presentation, but it can use improvements in these aspects to better show what it's capable of. Plus, the Paper Mario games use a lot of techniques to do this, so implementing these would be another step forwards.

We currently have after-images, which are flexible and will work on any BattleEntity. Next, I think we need to brush up on the Sequences and Action Commands.

Sequences
---------
Mario's Jump doesn't look like it does in the PM games. We need smoother movement and to play more animations.

The smoother movement will be the main focus, as it can apply to anything else in the battle system.

For a lot of actions, we use a simple MoveTo sequence action that lerps from one position to another in a set amount of time. We need a similar sort of time-based movement, but with curved movement.

Smoothing
---------
Think of Mario's Jump in the PM games; after running up to the enemy, he jumps and reaches his max height halfway towards the enemy. Then, he continues towards the enemy, moving down and stopping at the enemy's Y position.

Let's go into more detail:
M = Mario's position
E = Enemy's position
(Imagine it's a curve)
   _
  / \
 /   \
M     E

The curve would look something like that. We would specify:

1. The starting position; Mario's position
2. The ending position; Enemy position
3. The max height; How high Mario jumps

Then, we need to be able to evaluate the curve. At time 0, it returns Mario's position, and at time 1 it returns the Enemy's position. Therefore, to get the jump position above the enemy, the final time would be less than 1.

In this case, the movement toward the enemy in the X is linear, but in the Y isn't.

It might be best to split the movement into two parts: going up, then going down.

Research the various spline interpolation equations, add them as utilities, and decide on which might be the best for Jump.

Action Commands
---------------
It would be really nice to show the button inputs and various Action Command ranks when performing them. For example, Nice, Good, Great, and etc.

Get the textures for them and display them at the appopriate times. We'll also need to define Action Command text that's displayed in a text box that appears when performing the Action Command.
