Enemy Battle Index (1/6/17)
---------------------------
In the PM games, there is support for many enemy slots, with more being added dynamically through moves (Ex. Koopatrol, the Yuxes).

Right now our system supports a number of enemies specified by the capacity of the Enemies list. It acts as an array, nulling out
old enemies and putting new enemies in the same index. This will need to be changed to be more dynamic, but I won't work on this yet.

Instead I'm just going to explain my findings.

Observations
------------
When testing enemy poison animations in TTYD, I have cheats for poisoning enemies based on their index. One time I
encountered Koopatrol and a Hammer Bro. As expected, the first index correlated to the first Koopatrol. I didn't attack that turn.
The Koopatrol summoned another Koopatrol and I once again used the cheat, but it poisoned the second Koopatrol from the left.
I tried poisoning the third index, and it poisoned the new Koopatrol.

This means that when a new enemy is spawned, regardless of its battle position, its Battle Index is 1 higher than the previous highest index.

More Observations
-----------------
I killed the Hammer Bro, who was index 2. The same Koopatrol summoned another Koopatrol behind him. The new Koopatrol has index 2.

So this is interesting...he preserved the index. Let's see what happens when we kill index 1.

We killed index 1, and using the cheat does nothing. The other 2 preserved their indices.

...But wait. I used Confusion on Index 1 and swapped partners, and now my Partner is Confused? Still trying to figure this out.

I killed index 3, the first Koopatrol that was summoned. Index 2 (the second Koopatrol summoned) summoned a third one in front of him.

Inflicting poison on index 1 poisoned my Partner yet again.

Poison on index 2 poisoned the second Koopatrol, as expected.

Poison on index 3 did...nothing?

Poison on index 4 did...nothing. I can't seem to poison this new one.

Poison on index 5 did nothing yet again. I'm not sure what's going on, but I turned on Dizzy for various indices to get it to work on him,
and it ended up Dizzying Koops, Flurrie, and Vivian.

I killed that one, and he summoned another. This time I tried every index to no avail, but I inflicted slow on my Partner and it actually
put it on him instead. Very weird...

This means the above is NOT true. I'll need to do way more testing to figure this out, since it seems pretty bizarre...

Update (11/12/17)
-----------------
The system for battle indices has been overhauled in commit ecddf9bcebe35d84dce88e6cada32955b58938b2 (11/8/2017 12:01:34 AM)

This document is no longer relevant. The current system finds the lowest available battle index and sorts the enemy list by battle index.