Move Information (1/17/17)
--------------------------
Here's where detailed information about specific moves and features will be documented.

Jump Charge/Super Jump Charge
------------------------------
If a Hammer Charge is stored, it will be replaced by the Jump Charge.

Hammer Charge/Super Hammer Charge
---------------------------------
If a Jump Charge is stored, it will be replaced by the Hammer Charge.

Partner General
---------------
In PM, if a partner takes damage they'll be inflicted with Injured, which is a subset
of Immobilized that does the same thing.

Watt
----
Electro Dash - Doesn't deal contact damage (can hit Pokeys and spiked enemies)
Power Shock - Inflict Paralyzed, which is a subset of Immobilized.
Mega Shock - Inflicts Paralyzed, which is a subset of Immobilized.

Message for both: "Your enemy's paralyzed and can't move!"

Turbo Charge - Gives Mario Turbo Charge, which adds 1 Attack to Mario. This is a subset
of POWUp.

Message: "Your attack power will go up for a short time!"
Remove message: "Your attack power has returned to normal!"

Sushie
------
Water Block - Adds 1 Defense to Mario AND adds a +1 Resistance to Fire. This is a
separate, unique Status Effect.

Message: "Mario will be protected by Water Block for a short time!"
Remove message: "The Water Block's effect has worn off!"

Lakilester
----------
Cloud Nine - Gives Mario Cloud Nine, which is a subset of Dodgy. Unsure of evasion increase,
but seems less than 50%.

Confirmed thanks to Jdaster64: Cloud Nine grants a 50% chance of evasion

Message: "Chances of being attacked will decrease!"
Remove message: "The effect of Cloud Nine have worn off!"

Notes: If Mario is inflicted with Stone, Dizzy, Frozen, or Sleep, Lakilester will come down and scoop him up
instead of Mario jumping onto the cloud. It's safe to presume this behavior is the same for any Status Effect
that causes Mario to be immobile (unable to move, Guard, or Superguard). Dizzy makes characters immobile in PM.

Spin Smash
----------
Using Spin Smash on Kent C. Koopa's Tail when he's flipped over causes him to drop 6 coins, which then are
added to your total in battle shortly afterwards. This can be repeated.

Bowser
------
Shockwave Drain (Star Rod wave attack) - Removes all positive Status Effects on Mario (and presumably his Partner if this were in TTYD)
Power Up - Removes all negative Status Effects on Bowser, makes him Invincible, and doubles the power of all attacks except Shockwave Drain

Bandits/Big Bandits/Badge Bandits
---------------------------------
Their ram attack has a chance at stealing:

-Bandits: Coins
-Big Bandits: Coins or an Item
-Badge Bandits: Badges

Stolen Message: "Your (thing) was\n stolen!"

Examples: "Your Coin was\n stolen!", "Your Lucky Day was\n stolen!"

Ms. Mowz
--------
Kiss Thief - Can steal any held collectible, including ones stolen from Bandits.

Steal Message: "You stole\n a (thing)!";

Examples: "You stole\n a Power Plus!", "You stole\n a Tasty Tonic!"

Bow
---
Smack - Deals contact damage (can't hit Pokeys)
Fan Smack - Doesn't deal contact damage (can hit Pokeys)

Outta Sight - Makes both Mario and Bow invisible and use up their turns. Also uses up Bow's next turn.

This behavior occurs because of how partners work in PM. At the end of the player phase, the partner always gets moved to the back since
only Mario has HP.

Interestingly, if used with Repel Gel, Mario is standing instead of in his Guard pose.
Mario is also even more transparent, which indicates the move adds transparency instead of setting it.
If Hustle Drink is in effect, it will remove it regardless of when it was used.

Since Status Effects take effect at the start of a character's turn instead of at the start of the phase cycle in PM, Mario takes damage from Poison
and Status Effects play their status effect ending BattleEvents.

If Mario is inflicted with Dizzy, Sleep, or Frozen, he will remain in the animation for those Status Effects.

Yoshi
-----
Stampede - Attacks enemies on the ground, in the air, and on the ceiling despite the description stating only ground enemies

Flurrie
-------
Gale Force (courtesy of Jdaster64) - Effectiveness is based off the following formula:

(Bar fullness) * (Enemy Susceptibility)% + (Player Level - Enemy Level)%

For example, a Level 30 Mario that got a full bar in Gale Force against a Hyper Goomba:
1.00 * 80% + (30 - 15)% = 95%

Sweet Treat/Sweet Feast
-----------------------
-Cures statuses (detailed in the "Curing and Preventing Status Effects" document) regardless of whether you hit anything or not
-Sweet Treat and Sweet Feast cure the same Status Effects
-Every big icon for Sweet Feast restores 3 of the stat corresponding to the icon (Mario health, Partner health, or FP)

Clock Out
---------
-Has a 1x multiplier if the bar is filled at all and a 1.27x multiplier if the bar is full
-Can target the Audience (the only move to do so outside bosses)
-If the Audience is hit with it, they go to sleep like when a Crazee Dayzee in the Audience puts everyone to sleep
  -The Audience wakes up on the next phase cycle (so after the enemy's turn on the current phase cycle)

Power Lift
----------
-It takes hitting 5 icons of a stat to boost it up by one. This is constant regardless of how much the stat is boosted
-Hitting Poison Mushrooms slows the cursor down to roughly 1/4 its speed. You can still hit stat icons to boost them
  
Showstopper
-----------
-Has a .5x base multiplier
-The multiplier is increased by .1x for each successful button set, totaling a 1x multiplier since there are 5 button sets
-Available buttons: A, B, X, Y

Earth Quake (item)
------------------
-Deals 5 damage
-Does not flip over any enemies
-Can attack both ground and ceiling enemies despite the description stating only ground-based enemies

Vivian
------
Veil - Increases Mario and Vivian's Evasion by 100, hides them, and makes Mario use up his turns until Vivian can come back up.

If Mario is in the front, his turns will be ignored if he is in Veil, even if he's inflicted with Fast. Once Vivian comes back up, her turn will be used which starts the enemy turn.
If Mario is in the back, Vivian will come back up before Mario moves and allow him to use his turns.

If Vivian has Fast and uses Veil on her first turn, she'll come up immediately.
If Vivian has Fast and uses Veil on her second turn, she'll come up on her first turn and be able to move on her second turn. 

If Vivian has Slow and uses Veil, she will not come up when she should not be able to move, which prevents Mario from moving as well.

If a Status Effect on Mario or Vivian ends when Mario and Vivian are in Veil, it just ends without playing the status effect ending BattleEvent
even after they come back up.

Negative Status Effects seem to be supressed in effects but not turn count. For example, Poison doesn't hurt Vivian or Mario when they're in Veil at the start of the phase cycle,
but it progresses Poison's turn count.

After looking more into it, all that happens is that status effects that normally deal damage won't deal damage. For Frozen, the ice block disappears but Mario takes no damage.

Koopatrol
---------
Hide - Still takes damage from Status Effects that deal damage, such as Poison and Burn. It can still be blown away with Gale Force.

In PM:
Summon Dance - Summons another Koopatrol and puts it in the frontmost available enemy slot. If the Koopatrol that summons is in the very front, the new one will be behind it.

Ex. Result of move used by Koopatrol in slot 3

k = Koopatrol
Numbers = Enemy slots

01234
k  k 

In TTYD:
Whistle - Summons another Koopatrol directly in front of the one using this move. If the new Koopatrol cannot be placed in front of the one summoning it, it will go behind it.

Ex. Result of move used by Koopatrol in slot 3

k = Koopatrol
Numbers = Enemy slots

01234
  kk

Koops
-----
Shell Shield - Creates a giant shell that takes damage for Mario until it reaches 0 HP.

It has 2 to 8 HP based on how well the Action Command is performed.

It can take damage for Mario even if he can't be hit. For example, if Mario is in Vivian's Veil, attacks targeted at him will still hit the shell.

The only way to see the shell's HP is with the Peekaboo Badge, as it cannot be tattled.

-Mario cannot Guard or Superguard attacks that damage the shell
-Status Effects such as Burn and Poison will still damage Mario directly
-Creating a new shell removes the previous one

Bobbery
-------
Bomb Squad - Creates up to 3 bombs that detonate in 2 phase cycles and deal 3 explosive damage to enemies in their range.

The explosive damage doesn't flip enemies such as Clefts or Bristles.

The damage is associated with the bombs themselves, not Bobbery. As a result, the damage they deal can't be increased with badges and won't heal Bobbery if HP Drain P is equipped.

If positioned near Bobbery (Ex. shot straight up or close to it), they can hurt Bobbery and Mario!

If they detonate and hit other bombs, those bombs will explode before any other bombs that should detonate. For example:

1. One bomb is placed on the left, one in the middle, and one on the right
2. Next turn, 3 bombs are placed in the middle.
3. Next turn, the bomb on the left detonates and hits nothing.
4. The bomb in the middle detonates and hits the other bombs there.
5. The other bombs hit by the explosion detonate in the order they were placed.
6. The bomb on the right, which was placed earlier, detonates

-The bombs detonate after Status Effects such as Burn
-If the player doesn't press A during the Action Command, it will automatically throw a bomb after 6 seconds

Run Away
--------
-In TTYD, if Tactics is selected when Mario is immobile, Run Away is greyed out; selecting it brings up a message saying that you don't have enough FP to use the move. This is only possible through cheats - for example, inflicting Frozen on Mario during his turn

Star Beam
---------
-Removes charge for Hyper Goombas, Hyper Paragoombas, Hyper Clefts, Koopatrols
-Removes Electrified granted by Yellow Magikoopas

General
-------
For the Cloud Nine, Water Block, and Turbo Charge Status Effects, it shows the order
they take place in with their icons on the upper-left side of the screen.

The order is:
1. Water Block
2. Cloud Nine
3. Turbo Charge

This has been confirmed by performing their Action Commands better or worse to inflict
them for different durations and synchronize their turn counts with each other. They
ended, with the Battle Messages appearing, in the order above.

Water Block happens before Poison, Electrified, and Invisible.
Cloud Nine happens before Poison, Electrified, and Invisible.
Turbo Charge happens before Poison, Electrified, and Invisible.

Poison happens before Electrified and Invisible.


-In TTYD you can guard Status-only inducing moves, such as Beldam inflicting Slow. It shows the tiny star indicating no damage,
but the "no damage" sound doesn't play. This likely means that these types of moves still deal damage, but the damage is 0
-Frozen can't be removed via Burn if the character is immune to Burn

Interesting Info (Glitches)
---------------------------
If inflicted with Poison, Tiny, or some other status with a visible turn count and using Hustle Drink, Mario can no longer move. It appears that the Status Effect is not
properly cleared.


