No Action Command Move Behavior (3/16/18)
-----------------------------------------
This document describes the behavior of moves in Paper Mario without Action Commands enabled.

Testing is performed on a new file after obtaining Goombario, then enabling cheats to obtain all other Partners at Ultra Rank. Cheats were also used to obtain badges and the BP required to equip them.

Goombario
---------
Bonk - Viewable normally; acts as if you failed the jump input
Tattle - Has no Action Command, so acts like normal
Charge - Has no Action Command, so acts like normal
Multibonk - Acts as if you failed the initial input

Kooper
------
Shell Toss - Zooms into Kooper, who spins in his shell rapidly forever - softlock
Power Shell - Same as Shell Toss
Dizzy Shell - Zooms into Kooper, who spins in his shell and shoots forward. Dizzy always fails to be inflicted
Fire Shell - Same as Dizzy Shell. It deals 1 damage, even at Ultra Rank

Bombette
--------
Body Slam - Waits for a bit, walks up to the enemy, then attacks as if you failed the Action Command
Bomb - Walks up to the enemy immediately, then blows up, dealing 1 damage even at Ultra Rank
Power Bomb - Same as Bomb, except for all ground enemies
Mega Bomb - Same as Bomb and Power Bomb, except for all enemies

Parakarry
---------
Sky Dive - Acts as if you failed the Action Command; 4 damage at Ultra Rank
Shell Shot - Forces the Action Command!
Air Lift - Parakarry goes up and grabs the enemy like normal. It even shows the bar, but not the text box or anything else for the Action Command. It always fails
Air Raid - Acts like normal except with no Action Command. It deals 2 damage even at Ultra Rank

Bow
---
Smack - Goes up to the enemy and prepares to smack like normal, then attacks for 1 damage as if you never performed the Action Command
Outta Sight - Has no Action Command, so acts like normal
Spook - Acts like normal except with no Action Command information. Always fails to frighten enemies
Fan Smack - Same as Smack, with the laughing animation instead of the preparing smack one, and deals 2 damage

Watt
----
Electro Dash - Waits a bit, then goes up to the enemy, charges (as if you were holding the input), and attacks dealing 1 damage even at Ultra Rank
Power Shock - Similar case to Electro Dash; Watt waits a bit, then goes up and charges for a while. The Paralysis always fails
Turbo Charge - Acts completely like normal, then shows the end with Mario jumping as if he was charged, but he doesn't actually get charged!
Mega Shock - The same as Power Shock. The Paralysis always fails for this too

Sushie
------
Belly Flop - Stands and waits in her idle animation, then attacks, dealing 3 damage even at Ultra Rank
Squirt - Inhales to prepare to shoot water, then waits like that for a bit and attacks, dealing 3 damage even at Ultra Rank
Water Block - Sushie acts like normal, except at the end she doesn't spray water over Mario and form a Water Block. Instead, she just moves back into position
Tidal Wave - Acts like normal except with no Action Command information. Always deals 0 damage, even at Ultra Rank

Lakilester
----------
Spiny Flip - Forces the Action Command!
Spiny Surge - Lakilester flies up and forwards like normal, then just waits a little and goes back without doing anything
Cloud Nine - Flies up and extends his cloud to Mario, who jumps up like normal. In the Action Command section, waits a bit then drops Mario like normal and doesn't give him a cloud
Hurricane - Goes up and starts blowing wind like normal. Always fails to blow enemies away

Mario
-----
Jump - Viewable normally; acts as if you failed the Action Command
Hammer - Viewable normally; acts as if you failed the Action Command
Power Jump - Viewable normally; acts as if you failed the Action Command
Hammer Throw - Viewable normally; acts as if you failed the Action Command

Power Bounce - Acts as if you failed the jump input
Multibounce - Acts as if you failed the jump input
Dizzy Stomp - Acts as if you failed the jump input; has no problems inflicting Dizzy
Sleep Stomp - Acts as if you failed the jump input; has no problems inflicting Sleep
Shrink Stomp - Acts as if you failed the jump input; has no problems inflicting Shrink
Mega Jump - Not viewable normally, otherwise same as Power Jump
D-Down Jump - Not viewable normally, otherwise same as Jump

Spin Smash - Mario goes up and takes out his hammer, but never swings - softlock
Quake Hammer - Mario goes up and takes out his hammer, but never swings - softlock
Power Quake - Same as Quake Hammer
Mega Quake - Same as Quake Hammer
D-Down Pound - Acts just like Hammer, except pierces Defense
Power Smash - Same as Hammer, except with more damage
Mega Smash - Same as Power Smash, except with more damage
Shrink Smash (unused) - Not viewable normally, otherwise, same as Hammer; has no problems inflicting Shrink
Earthquake Jump (unused) - Mario runs up a little, then jumps and immediately starts to land, inflicting damage to all ground and ceiling enemies

Notes
-----
-All Or Nothing acts as if you always failed the Action Command and makes any move do 0 damage
-Right On! doesn't work if you don't have Action Commands. The same goes for the Perfect Step (Jump) and Perfect Strike (Hammer) badges