Move Information (1/17/17)
--------------------------
Here's where detailed information about specific moves and features will be documented.

Partner General
---------------
In PM, if a partner takes damage they'll be inflicted with Injured, which is a subset
of Immobilized that does the same thing.

Watt
----
Power Shock - Inflict Paralyzed, which is a subset of Immobilized.
Mega Shock - Inflicts Paralyzed, which is a subset of Immobilized.

Message for both: "Your enemy's paralyzed and can't move!"

Turbo Charge - Gives Mario Turbo Charge, which adds 1 Attack to Mario. This is a subset
of POWUp.

Message: "Your attack power will go up for a short time!"
Remove message: "Your attack power has returned to normal!"

Sushie
------
Water Block - Adds 1 Defense to Mario AND adds a +1 Resistance to Fire. This is a
separate, unique Status Effect.

Message: "Mario will be protected by Water Block for a short time!"
Remove message: "The Water Block's effect has worn off!"

Lakilester
----------
Cloud Nine - Gives Mario Cloud Nine, which is a subset of Dodgy. Unsure of evasion increase,
but seems less than 50%.

Confirmed thanks to Jdaster64: Cloud Nine grants a 50% chance of evasion

Message: "Chances of being attacked will decrease!"
Remove message: "The effect of Cloud Nine have worn off!"

Notes: If Mario is inflicted with Stone, Lakilester will come down and scoop him up
instead of Mario jumping onto the cloud.

Spin Smash
----------
Using Spin Smash on Kent C. Koopa's Tail when he's flipped over causes him to drop 6 coins, which then are
added to your total in battle shortly afterwards. This can be repeated.

General
-------
For the Cloud Nine, Water Block, and Turbo Charge Status Effects, it shows the order
they take place in with their icons on the upper-left side of the screen.

The order is:
1. Water Block
2. Cloud Nine
3. Turbo Charge

This has been confirmed by performing their Action Commands better or worse to inflict
them for different durations and synchronize their turn counts with each other. They
ended, with the Battle Messages appearing, in the order above.

Water Block happens before Poison, Electrified, and Invisible.
Cloud Nine happens before Poison, Electrified, and Invisible.
Turbo Charge happens before Poison, Electrified, and Invisible.

Poison happens before Electrified and Invisible.