Paper Mario Battle System Resistances and Weaknesses
----------------------------------------------------
Paper Mario has a different approach to resistances and weaknesses to certain types of moves.

Each entity has their own unique resistances and weaknesses. This can include variations of that entity.

A Weakness can be any of the following:
 +Damage; add this much damage if damaged with a specific Element
 KO; instantly kill the entity if hit with a specific Element

A Resistance can be any of the following:
 Heal; instead of damage, the entity is healed for the amount the attack would deal
 NoDamage; No damage is dealt to the entity

For more options, we'll also throw in the following type of Resistance:
 -Damage; subtract this much damage if damaged with a specific Element
 
Ideally, these will all be handled in a way that makes adding a new Resistance or Weakness trivial.
 
Some enemies, such as Embers, also have a chance at multiplying when hit by a move, and Iron Clefts are resistant
to every attack except Gulp. These are special cases that can be handled outside of this system.

Heal Cases:
-----------
Fire - Fiery entities will get healed by Fire moves
Ice - Icy entities will get healed by Ice moves
Electricity - Electric entities will get healed by Electric moves

As Resistances are entity-specific, these cases are independent of the entity's physical attributes.
A notable example is the Dark Puff, which uses electric attacks but is not resistant to Electric.

Contact Rules:
--------------
Fiery entities can make contact with other Fiery entities, and Electric entities can make contact with other Electric entities.
If an enemy is protected by some Icy hitbox, like Ice Puffs, let's say Ice entities can make contact with them. Ice Puffs are the
only case of this happening so this rule is up in the air. Similarly, let's say Poison entities can make contact with a Poison
hitbox; Poison Puffs are the only case for this, so again the rule is up in the air.

If they don't match types, the entity performing the attack will take 1 damage. If the entity attacks a Poison entity,
it will instead take Payback (1/2 of the total damage of the attack) damage and be Poisoned.

Weaknesses and Resistances to certain elements exist on contact as well. For example, if a Bob-Omb attacks Mario when he has the
Zap Tap badge equipped, it will blow up on contact and deal damage to Mario.

Status Rules:
-------------
Entities with a Resistance to a certain type of move are not necessarily immune 
to the status it inflicts. For example, Chain Chomps are immune to Ice but
can still be frozen. Each entity has its own percentage values for being inflicted
with each status effect.

Confirmed Rare Cases
--------------------

Poison
------
1. Poison damage does not heal Poison entities
    -Confused Poison Puffs' Poison Blast hurt other Poison Puffs whether they're charged with Poison or not
2. Contact with Poisoned entities is a PartialSuccess, much like Electrified entities. This means you'll deal damage to them, but you'll
take Payback damage in the process and get Poisoned

Update (3/13/17)
----------------
Icy
---
I confirmed that Icy entities can make contact with other Icy entities. A Confused Ice Puff attacked a charged Ice Puff ally with its ram attack.
It did not heal since the attack wasn't Icy.