Remaining Damage System Implementation (8/7/16)
-----------------------------------------------
Here's a list of things left to implement before the damage system is complete:

1. Simplifier/Unsimplifier - More robust Action Command timing will be necessary, as these modify the windows
   for executing the Action Commands
   
2. All Or Nothing - This ties in with 1 in that the Action Commands will need to be more robust. In this case,
   we'll need to add to the total damage dealt if the Action Command was successfully performed and set it to 0
   if the Action Command was failed. The 0 damage can't be affected by weaknesses/resistances or anything else to make it positive.
   
3. Guarding/Superguarding - On a Guard, the damage of the attack itself is reduced by 1. On a Superguard, the damage Mario takes is 0
   no matter what. Damage Dodge Badges add to Mario's Defense and thus are ineffective against Piercing attacks.
   
4. Double Pain & Last Stand - The formula for Double Pain is: Damage * (# of Double Pains equipped + 1)
   The formula for Last Stand is: Damage / (# of Last Stands equipped + 1); this is rounded down in PM and up in TTYD. Let's go with the latter.
   Double Pain is calculated first. Then, if Mario is in Danger or Peril, Last Stand is factored in.
   
Update (8/20/16)
----------------
5. Damage Dodge - Increases your Defense by 1 for each equipped, but only when you have successfully Guarded and only for the move you Guarded.
   Since it increases your Defense, it does not reduce the damage of Piercing moves. For example, a Crazee Dayzee in TTYD has an Attack of 2,
   and its Sing move deals Piercing damage. Guarding with or without any Damage Dodge badges equipped causes it to do 1 damage since only the
   Guard action reduces the damage of the attack.
   
Update (8/28/16)
----------------
3. Finished, aside from adding Damage Dodge to your Defense.

5. Needs to be implemented to complete 3.

Update (9/1/16)
---------------
3 and 5 are finished.

Next we need to see if Double Pain and Last Stand are factored into Payback damage.

Update (9/3/16)
---------------
Double Pain and Last Stand are not factored into Payback damage. I also did some testing to confirm some damage results:

Double Pain acts before Last Stand:
-Tested on a Hyper Spiky Goomba (3 Attack) in TTYD with both Double Pain and Last Stand equipped
-The total damage dealt from an uncharged attack was 3. If Last Stand had acted first, it would've reduced
 the damage to 2, then Double Pain would've doubled it to 4
 
Guarding acts before Double Pain:
-Tested on a Hyper Spiky Goomba (3 Attack) in TTYD with Double Pain equipped
-The total damage dealt from a guarded uncharged attack was 4. If Double Pain had acted first, it would've
 doubled the damage to 6, then Guard would've reduced it to 5

Defense is factored in before Double Pain:
-Tested on a Hyper Spiky Goomba (3 Attack) in TTYD with Double Pain and Defend Plus equipped
-The total damage dealt from a guarded uncharged attack was 2. If Double Pain had acted first, it would've doubled
 the damage to 6, then Guard and Defend Plus would've reduced it to 4
 
Damage Dodge is also factored in before Double Pain:
-Tested on a Hyper Spiky Goomba (3 Attack) in TTYD with Double Pain and Damage Dodge equipped
-The total damage dealt from a guarded uncharged attack was 2. If Double Pain had acted first, it would've doubled
 the damage to 6, then Guard and Damage Dodge would've reduced it to 4

More complicated test:
-Tested on a charged Hyper Spiky Goomba (9 Attack) in TTYD with Double Pain, Last Stand, 1 Damage Dodge, and 1 Defend Plus equipped
-The total damage dealt from a guarded charged attack was 6. Explanation:
 1. Guard reduced the damage to 8
 2. Damage Dodge reduced the damage to 7
 3. Defend Plus reduced the damage to 6
 4. Double Pain doubled the damage to 12
 5. Last Stand halved the damage to 6
 
Irrelevant discovery that I thought was interesting: Going into Peril seems to max out your audience!

Update (9/4/16)
---------------
It looks like I was partially wrong about how Ice Power actually works:

In TTYD, you can observe a case where hitting a Lava Bubble with Ice Smash, with Ice Power equipped, will deal 2 additional damage instead of 1.
This means that Ice Power does indeed add damage if you're attacking entities of a specific type.

However, Ice Power is also dealing Ice damage to Fire enemies in PM, as seen when crippling Lava Piranha Phase 2. The snowflake effect when dealing
Ice damage also appears, regardless of whether the enemy is Fire or not. In TTYD, the snowflake effect doesn't appear for Ice Power at all, but
does for Ice moves like Ice Smash. This leads me to believe that they changed the badge to not deal Ice damage in TTYD but deal extra damage to
Fire enemies instead. So since these effects differ between games, how can we combine them and still have them be accurate?

I went through all cases and decided that the most accurate result may be to add 1 damage if the element used is already the override found.
This would make Ice Power work with Ice Smash, and they both would deal the appropriate amount of damage separately.

Update (9/6/16)
---------------
I confirmed that P-Down, D-Up does indeed reduce the damage dealt from Piercing attacks, as well as Last Stand. Additionally, the Defend action
just increases Defense by 1 and doesn't reduce the damage of Piercing attacks.